# Speedioc #

A lightweight, high performance, experimental IoC container for .NET

STATUS: **Experimental**
Breaking changes may occur in the future.

NuGet Package
-------------

[http://nuget.org/packages/Speedioc](http://nuget.org/packages/Speedioc)


Overview
--------

Speedioc is a lightweight, high performance IoC container for .NET 
that uses code generation to dynamically generate and compile container 
assemblies. Containers can be precompiled and support static and dynamic 
injection including constructor, field, property and method injection. 
Once a container is configured and compiled, it is immutable but 
resolves instances very fast.

Speedioc supports saving the generated C# source code file which can be 
used to read and debug allowing Visual Studio to step right into the 
generated source. The generated source code file contains detailed 
comments on the generated members which may be used to map them back to 
your registration code.


Injection
---------

Speedioc supports the following types of injection:

- Constructor injection
- Field injection
- Property injection
- Method injection

For each injection type, values may be:

- Literal, such as a string or a literal value type (bool, int, etc.)
- Resolved from the same container
- Provided dynamically from a value factory, a delegate that provides 
  the value (e.g. `Func<T>`) usually generated by a lambda expression


What Else Should I Know?
------------------------

Speedioc is very simplistic and is *not* a full-featured dependency 
injection framework. 

At this time, it does not support:

- Resolving all instances of a type. This has not been implemented.
- There is no support for configuration files of any kind. 
  All configuration and type registration is programmatic.
- There's no automatic wire-up of abstractions to concretions.
- There's no automatic discovery of registries.

As previously stated, Speedioc is *experimental* at this time. 
This does mean that future versions may have significant breaking changes. 

Some of the code base that is expected to change and/or break include:

- The Registration API
- The Lifetime subsystem


Getting Started
---------------

You can quickly install Speedioc into your project using the NuGet package.
To install Speedioc, run the following command in the Package Manager Console:

`PM> Install-Package Speedioc`

For examples of how to begin using Speedioc, see the Examples\QuickStartSampleApp 
project in the Speedioc source code.
